dev/checklist_pending.md, before:

## other comments (like main and tools)

# Comments for client

## Provide more valuable information in badrequest returns

## Remove all // THROW ANY UNEXPECTED RESPONSE clauses

## Profile Image saving (CDN)

## Admin panel for outputting final PDF score reports for students

## Better internet error handling

## Redesign database to avoid nested objects.

## Remove useless score data after deleting assignments and students

## Make Every course contain a non-removable participation, midterm, and final exam. 

## Test real-world loading behavior with latency

## (!!) Don't allow brute forcing passwords

## Midterm and final mode in course score board

## Ensure there are no too much exception messages thrown

## Stipulate how to throw exceptions.

## (?) DO NOT BE OBSESSED WITH CONSTS

## Improve client error messages

## Divide more clearly between the uses of page, view, and individual widgets

## Only show courses of current year and semester in course search page if `all` is not specified.

## Search by year and semester in course search pages

## Make final scores editable.

## (?) Make `deletes` `removes`

## (?) Check if there are no nulls in the scores when validating assignment list for grade-publishing.

Commit message:

feat average score in teacher scoreboard view

dev/checklist_pending.md, after:

## other comments (like main and tools)

# Comments for client

## Provide more valuable information in badrequest returns

## Remove all // THROW ANY UNEXPECTED RESPONSE clauses

## Profile Image saving (CDN)

## Admin panel for outputting final PDF score reports for students

## Better internet error handling

## Redesign database to avoid nested objects.

## Remove useless score data after deleting assignments and students

## Make Every course contain a non-removable participation, midterm, and final exam. 

## (!!) Don't allow brute forcing passwords

## Midterm and final mode in course score board

## Ensure there are no too much exception messages thrown

## Stipulate how to throw exceptions.

## (?) DO NOT BE OBSESSED WITH CONSTS

## Improve client error messages

## Divide more clearly between the uses of page, view, and individual widgets

## (!) Only show courses of current year and semester in course search page if `all` is not specified. (or sort by year and semester first)

## (!) Search by year and semester in course search pages

## Make final scores editable.

## (?) Make `deletes` `removes` in function names

## (?) Check if there are no nulls in the scores when validating assignment list for grade-publishing.

## Merge editable scoreboard and readonly scoreboard
